Adding copy operation and additional authentication parameters forsource and target (#369)
gardener/etcd-backup-restore: doc/usage/getting_started.md

### Etcdbrctl server

With sub-command `server` you can start a http server which exposes an endpoint to initialize etcd over REST interface. The server also keeps the backup schedule thread running to keep taking periodic backups. This is mainly made available to manage an etcd instance running in a Kubernetes cluster. You can deploy the example [helm chart](../../chart/etcd-backup-restore) on a Kubernetes cluster to have a fault-resilient, self-healing etcd cluster.

## Etcdbrctl copy

> With sub-command `copy` you can copy all snapshots (Full and Delta) fom one snapstore to another. Using the two filter parameters `max-snapshots` and `max-snapshot-age` you can also limit the number of snapshots that will be copied or target only the newest snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With sub-command `copy` you can copy all snapshots (Full and Delta) fom one snapstore to another. Using the two filter parameters `max-backups` and `max-backup-age` you can also limit the number of snapshots that will be copied or target only the newest snapshots.
```

```console
$ ./bin/etcdbrctl copy \
--storage-provider="GCS" \
--snapstore-temp-directory="/temp" \
--store-prefix="target-prefix" \
--store-container="target-container" \
--source-store-prefix="prefix" \
--source-store-container="container" \
--source-storage-provider="GCS" \

> --max-age-days=15 \

Reviewer 2: Please adapt this as well (to whatever it's eventually called)
```suggestion
--max-snapshot-age=15 \
```
